[Docs][Install] Update description for default and extras installation of openvino-dev (#14706)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/pypi-openvino-dev.md

## Install the OpenVINO™ Development Tools Package

> There are two options to install OpenVINO Development Tools: installation into the existing environment with the source deep learning framework used for the model training or creation;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two options to install OpenVINO Development Tools: installation into an existing environment with a deep learning framework used for model training or creation;
```

> installation without having the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or installation in a new environment.
```

> ### Installation into the Existing Environment with the Source Deep Learning Framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installation into an Existing Environment with the Source Deep Learning Framework
```

> To install OpenVINO Development Tools (see the [What's in the Package](#whats-in-the-package) section of this article) into the existing environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install OpenVINO Development Tools (see the [What's in the Package](#whats-in-the-package) section of this article) into an existing environment
```

> with the source deep learning framework used for the model training or creation, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the source deep learning framework used for model training or creation, run the following command:
```

```
pip install openvino-dev
```

> > **NOTE**: This installation is also suitable if the model is already in the IR format.

Reviewer: Again, I'm confused

Author: Removed

> ### Installation without Having Environment with the Source Deep Learning Framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installation in a New Environment
```

> In case that you do not have the environment with the source deep learning framework for the input model or you encounter any compatibility issues between OpenVINO and your deep learning framework,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have an environment with the source deep learning framework for the input model or you encounter any compatibility issues between OpenVINO and your deep learning framework,
```

> you may install OpenVINO Development Tools with validated versions of the framework into a new environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you may install OpenVINO Development Tools with validated versions of frameworks into a new environment. 
```

#### Installing Default Components

> To install OpenVINO Development Tools (see the [What's in the Package](#whats-in-the-package) section of this article) into an existing environment with the deep learning framework used for the model training, run the following command:

Reviewer 2: This change makes it sound like you need a deep learning framework used for model training. This is one usecase, but definitely not the only one, for openvino-dev. You may have an .onnx model, not even know what the source framework was. No need for a source training framework to use benchmark_app or MO for ONNX models. You may also have a ready made IR model and just want to use benchmark_app.

Author: Here I mean to use the exact same framework used for the model training. If you don't train the model that you are going to convert, then use extras.

Reviewer 2: True, but that's not documented anymore. This section used to say that, to install just the tools, do `pip install openvino-dev`, without indicating that you needed a framework. But now that same section says to do this "if you already have an environment with a framework". 

It's also a bit confusing that step 1, 2 and 3 are about creating a fresh environment, and that now in step 4 we talk about "an existing environment" that is separate from the one we just created in the previous steps. It may be clearer to move this to a separate section. For example a "quick install" at the top of the document. If you already have an environment and want to install openvino-dev, do `pip install openvino-dev`. For more detailed instructions on how to install openvino-dev in its own environment, see instructions below"

Author: @helena-intel, it is great catch about confusing step 1,2,3. They are only applicable for `extras` and not needed for the default installation. I will correct it.

Author: @helena-intel, I removed this confusion. Now we have two clear ways for installation with description about when to apply each of them.
Please review it again.

> To install OpenVINO Development Tools (see the [What's in the Package](#whats-in-the-package) section of this article) into the existing environment with the deep learning framework used for the model training, run the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To install OpenVINO Development Tools (see the [What's in the Package](#whats-in-the-package) section of this article) into an existing environment with the deep learning framework used for the model training, run the following command:
```

```
pip install openvino-dev
```

#### Installing Components for Specific Frameworks

In case that you do not have the deep learning framework in your environment used for the model training or encounter any compatibility issues between OpenVINO and your deep learning framework,

> you may install OpenVINO Development Tools with validated versions of the framework into a separate environment. Use the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
install OpenVINO Development Tools with validated versions of the framework into a separate environment. Use the following command:
```

| tensorflow                      |   [TensorFlow* 1.x](https://www.tensorflow.org/versions#tensorflow_1)            |
| tensorflow2                     |   [TensorFlow* 2.x](https://www.tensorflow.org/versions#tensorflow_2)            |

For example, to install and configure the components for working with TensorFlow 2.x, Apache MXNet and Caffe, use the following command:
   ```sh

>    pip install openvino-dev[tensorflow2,mxnet,caffe]

Reviewer: Why is this different from the other page? Few are using caffe and mxnet today

Author: Agree. Replaced with TF2 and ONNX example.
